We're joined today by
college students, young
entrepreneurs, families,
workers, mothers, and
fathers from all
over our nation.
You make this country run.
It's an honor to be with
you, and it's an honor to
have you at the
White House.
And thank you all for
being here --
really fantastic.
Thank you.
Great people.
(applause)
As a candidate, I promised
we would pass a massive
tax cut for the everyday,
working American families
who are the backbone and
the heartbeat
of our country.
Now we're just days away
-- I hope, I hope -- you
know what that means,
right -- from keeping that
promise and delivering a
truly amazing victory
for American families.
We want to give you, the
American people, a giant
tax cut for Christmas.
And when I say
giant, I mean giant.
(applause)
As we speak, Congress has
reached an agreement on
tax legislation that will
deliver more jobs, higher
wages, and massive tax
relief for American
families and for
American companies.
The typical family of four
earning $75,000 will see
an income tax cut of more
than $2,000, slashing
their tax bill in half.
It's going to be
a lot of money.
You're going to have
an extra $2,000.
But there are many
more things than that.
Our plan expands the child
tax credit for
working families.
You'll hear the numbers
very soon, but they're
even larger than
anticipated.
It nearly doubles the
amount of income taxed
at the rate of zero.
I don't know if any of
you are paying zero.
I hope you're not; I hope
you're paying above that.
But a lot of people who
are having it a little
bit tough are going
to be paying zero.
It closes special interest
loopholes; it lowers tax
rates for families; and
our plan also cuts taxes
on businesses, which is
expected to raise income
by an average of
more than $4,000.
So your income goes up.
It's like having a $4,000
increase, which isn't
bad, which isn't bad.
a lot of money to spend.
A lot of jobs are going to
be created with the
money that you spend
-- very special.
And it makes America
competitive again so we
can bring back that simple
but beautiful phrase,
you've heard it before:
Made in the USA.
Right?
I don't know if they've
heard it, but
you've heard it.
(applause)
Our current tax code is
burdensome, complex, and
profoundly unfair.
It has exported our jobs,
closed our factories, and
left millions of parents
worried that their
children might be the
first generation to have
less opportunity
than the last.
Our factories have left.
So many of them, gone.
But they're all
coming back.
And you see it, even
before we do this, that
they're starting
to come back.
Our country is starting to
do really well again, and
as a country we're
being respected again.
We're being
respected again.
I'm here today to tell you
that we will never let bad
things happen, with
respect to the economy
of our country.
We're not going to lose
our businesses again like
has happened over the
last number of decades.
America is coming back
bigger and better and
stronger than ever before.
Okay?
They'll see it, and
they're going to
see the result.
America isn't content
just by getting by.
America is about getting
ahead, about finding the
best in ourselves
and in each other.
We are reclaiming our
destinies as Americans, a
nation that thinks big,
dreams bigger, and always
reaches for the stars.
We didn't become great
through massive taxation
and Washington regulation.
And, by the way, we are
cutting regulation at a
rate never seen before
in the history
of our country.
We became great because
our people, our families
-- and because
of our freedom.
We became great because of
our drive to find the next
horizon, to unlock the
next mystery, and to begin
the next adventure.
You know what I'm
talking about.
And that's who we are: a
nation of strivers and
builders and dreamers and
doers, people who treasure
their independence and
don't know how to quit.
Never quit.
Never, ever give
up -- never, ever.
I say that, also, to
our great Cabinet.
And they've done
a great job.
A lot of things
have happened.
Nobody's done the
job that we've done.
When government loosens
its grip, there is no
summit we cannot reach.
Our tax cuts will break
down, and they'll break it
down fast -- all forms of
government, and all forms
of government barriers --
and breathe new life into
the American economy.
They will unleash the
American worker; they will
tear down the restraints
on discovery, innovation,
and creation; and they
will restore the hopes
and dreams of the
American family.
Millions of middle-class
families will
win under our plan.
And today we are honored
to hear from a few of
those wonderful and
truly great families.
Bryant and Ashley Glick
-- right -- are from
Lancaster County,
Pennsylvania.
I know it well.
They have two beautiful
children with a third
on the way.
Bryant manages a farm
equipment store.
Ashley works
in healthcare.
This year, they were
in the 15-percent
tax bracket.
Under our plan, they will
drop to the
12-percent bracket.
That's a big drop.
Instead of itemizing their
deductions, they will be
able to file their taxes
on a single, little,
beautiful sheet of paper.
That's good.
(applause)
And instead of paying
$2,600 in income taxes,
they will get it
down to $2,000.
They'll save at least $600
and probably
more than that.
Bryant, Ashley, how about
saying a few words?
You want to?
Come on.
Thank you very much.
Mr. Glick: Well, thank
you, Mr. President.
It's an honor to be here.
On behalf of the good
people of Lancaster
County; my family;
and, specifically, my
grandmother, Linda
Martin, well done.
Many of your predecessors
promised that this
reform was coming,
but you did it.
We are greatly
excited about this.
With the tax savings that
we are going to see, we
are going to put
that money into
home renovations.
And I'm excited that you
were the one that got it
over the finish line.
Thank you, Mr. President.
(applause)
The President: The Kovacs
family also joins us
today from Ohio.
That's a great state.
A lot of success in Ohio.
(laughter)
Adam is a veteran
who works in
telecommunications,
Lindsay works in
administration admissions
at a university, and they
have two beautiful
children.
This year, they're
currently in the
25-percent bracket and pay
nearly $14,000 in taxes.
Our plan gives them their
time back because they
won't have to itemize,
and it gives them nearly
one-third of their money
back -- more than
$3,500 for one year.
I'd like to invite the
Kovacs to explain what our
tax cuts will
mean for them.
They've studied
it very closely.
These are very
smart, sharp people.
They know exactly what
we're doing here,
and they like it.
Come on up.
Thank you.
(applause)
Mr. Kovacs: Thank
you, Mr. President.
It is truly an honor that
you invited the Kovacs
family to the
White House today.
This is going to be
great for our family.
We have home renovations
that we want to take care
of, and hopefully save for
our two children
to go to college.
Thank you so much,
Mr. President.
(applause)
The President: The
Giampolo family is from
Polk County, Iowa.
Anthony is a police
officer and Aubyn is a 911
emergency dispatcher.
When they're not at work
protecting and serving
their fellow citizens,
their hands are full with
four wonderful children.
This year, they were in
the 25-percent bracket,
their itemized deductions,
and they've done
everything they can.
They paid more than
$19,000 in taxes -- thank
you very much, by the way;
that's a lot of money.
(laughter)
Under our plan, they will
file on a single
page and save $2,700.
Anthony, Aubyn, maybe
you'd like to
say a few words?
Come on in.
(applause)
Mr. Giampolo:I just want
to thank President Trump.
Education is very
important to our family.
Under this bill, our
family will be able to
save a lot of money.
We have a lot of people
going to school.
My wife and I are both in
graduate school, finishing
up, and we still got three
other -- four other kids
to get through college.
So, it will
help out a lot.
(laughter and applause)
The President: Leon an
Maria Benjamin are pastors
of New Life Harvest Church
-- and it's a beautiful
church in Richmond,
Virginia -- and they have
three wonderful children.
Under our plan, they will
get a larger tax refund to
help them pay their bills.
They'll receive a tax
refund, this
year, of $3,000.
Leon and Maria, I would
love you to discuss your
middle-class tax cut
a little bit with the
millions of people
watching right
now on television.
(laughter)
You do very well, and
we're very proud of you.
And it is indeed a
beautiful church.
I got to see a very,
very nice picture.
We'll have to get
there someday soon.
Thank you.
Come on in,
please, please.
(applause)
Mr. Benjamin: (laughter)
To God be the glory.
Thank you, President
Trump, for
inviting us here.
On behalf of the Benjamin
family and of course,
Richmond, Virginia, we
represent a cadre of many
families across
the nation.
African American families,
urban communities, and
families all across
need this now.
And it's time for a
change, and it's time that
we recognize that our
President is making
good on his promises.
(applause)
Thank you, Mr. President.
God bless you, and we'll
continue to keep praying
for you and your team as
you move forward and forge
ahead with this new
future in America.
God bless you.
(applause)
The President: He can
be my minister anytime.
(laughter)
The Howard family lives
in Tenino, Washington.
Issac owns an espresso
machine service company,
and Emily takes care of
their four
beautiful children.
They are currently in the
15-percent bracket
and pay $2,500 in taxes.
Our plan will totally wipe
out their tax bill, and
they might even get a
refund of substantially
more than $700.
I'd like to
introduce them.
Come on up.
(applause)
Mrs. Howard: I'm going
to speak for us today.
(laughter)
We are absolutely blessed
to be here, so thank
you, Mr. President.
It's our joy to stand
before you guys.
And what this means to us
as a family is that we
will be able to pour out
into our community --
whatever that looks like
-- giving away to families
that are in need, or
setting them up for
success in any way that --
whatever God has
planned for our family.
I think that that is our
goal, and that we are
blessed to have such an
amazing President --
and what a good steward
he is of our country.
So thank you,
Mr. President.
(applause)
The President:
Well, thank you all.
It's critically important
for Congress to quickly
pass these historic tax
cuts, and that's going to
take place, I think, even
before the media --
I used the word "media."
Did you notice?
As opposed to "fake news
media" -- I don't say.
(laughter)
Because today is a
very important day.
We want everybody to be
covered very accurately.
So I'm excited to announce
that if Congress sends me
a bill before Christmas,
the IRS -- this is just
out, this is breaking news
-- has just confirmed that
Americans will see lower
taxes and bigger paychecks
beginning in February,
just two short
months from now.
(applause)
Just got that.
We just got that.
Fifty-five years ago this
week, President John F.
Kennedy, a Democrat,
launched a historic effort
to pass sweeping
top-to-bottom tax cuts.
A half a century later,
we're reminded that
lowering taxes is neither
a Republican or Democrat
idea, but an American
principle and
an American idea.
The goal of my
administration is for
every American to know the
dignity of work, the pride
of a paycheck, and the
satisfaction of
a job well done.
We want people to love
waking up in the morning
and going to work -- just
with that incredible
enthusiasm that we
have in this country.
And that's what we're
going to be doing, and
that's what's going
to be happening.
Today we stand on the
verge of a new
economic miracle.
Our economy has already
surged to 3 percent growth
-- far ahead of schedule,
by the way -- far, far
ahead -- in each of
the last two quarters.
And if we didn't have the
hurricanes, we could have
hit four last quarter.
Four -- a number that was
unthinkable two years ago
when I started the
campaign, and even my
first month in office --
that was an
unthinkable number.
And I'll tell you what,
it's going to
go higher than that.
We've created 2.2 million
jobs since the election.
Unemployment is
at a 17-year low.
The unemployment rate in
the manufacturing business
is the lowest in
recorded history.
Consumer confidence
is a 17-point high.
Pensions and retirement
accounts are soaring as
the stock market hits 85
new record highs
since the election.
How are we doing?
Are we doing okay?
Not bad, right?
(applause)
And if Congress sends me a
tax reform, this is only a
small beginning to the
incredible things that our
people will achieve over a
very short period of time,
and the tremendous heights
that we will reach
economically and so many
other ways in our country.
Every day, as this victory
draws closer -- I mean, we
are so close, right now.
So close.
In fact, almost -- I don't
want to talk about it.
Maybe we shouldn't
talk about it.
(laughter)
The cynical voices that
opposed tax cuts grow
smaller and weaker, and
the American
people grow stronger.
I heard one of our
opponents stand up the
other day and say,
this is for the rich.
They had no idea.
They didn't even
see the final bill.
I didn't see
the final bill.
This is for the people
of middle-income.
This is for companies that
are going to create jobs.
This is for very, very
special people, the great
people of America.
Everyday, hardworking
Americans know that the
future of this nation will
never belong to those who
say you can't; it will
always belong to the
American people who
will say we will.
belongs to people like the
Glicks, the Kovacs, the
Giampolos, the Benjamins,
the Howards, and the
millions of Americans
just like them across our
nation, who pour out their
hearts and souls every
single day to take care
of their families and the
country they love
and that we love.
We are going to have a
country that celebrates
you again -- hardworking,
great people.
You're being
celebrated again.
Remember that.
Because you were a
little bit forgotten.
We had called it "the
forgotten people."
Somebody else called me
and everybody
else the "deplorables."
Have you ever
heard that term?
Right?
We're proud to be the
deplorables,
and we're doing well.
going to make our tax
system work for you again.
We're going to make our
economy work
for you again.
And we are going to make
the American Dream -- and
that's the real dream --
that will be the dream
that you want for your
children and your
grandchildren once again.
But we need your help to
get Congress across
that finish line.
We'll have very little
Democrat support, probably
none, and that's purely
for political reasons.
They like it a lot,
and they can't say it.
They don't like
what's happening.
But they can't say it.
Some day we have to
come together and do
bipartisan, and hopefully
it can happen soon.
Right?
(applause)
If you make your voices
heard, this moment will be
forever remembered as a
great new beginning, the
dawn of a brilliant
American future shining
with patriotism,
prosperity, and pride.
With your help, we will
bring back our jobs; we
will bring back our wealth
as a country; and, for
every citizen across this
beautiful land, we will
bring back our great
American Dreams.
you and God bless you all.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
(applause)